GitHub - mmistakes/minimal-mistakes: :triangular_ruler: Jekyll theme for building a personal site, blog, project documentation, or portfolio. Skip to content Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Sign in Appearance settings Platform AI CODE CREATION GitHub Copilot Write better code with AI GitHub Spark Build and deploy intelligent apps GitHub Models Manage and compare prompts MCP Registry New Integrate external tools DEVELOPER WORKFLOWS Actions Automate any workflow Codespaces Instant dev environments Issues Plan and track work Code Review Manage code changes APPLICATION SECURITY GitHub Advanced Security Find and fix vulnerabilities Code security Secure your code as you build Secret protection Stop leaks before they start EXPLORE Why GitHub Documentation Blog Changelog Marketplace View all features Solutions BY COMPANY SIZE Enterprises Small and medium teams Startups Nonprofits BY USE CASE App Modernization DevSecOps DevOps CI/CD View all use cases BY INDUSTRY Healthcare Financial services Manufacturing Government View all industries View all solutions Resources EXPLORE BY TOPIC AI Software Development DevOps Security View all topics EXPLORE BY TYPE Customer stories Events &amp; webinars Ebooks &amp; reports Business insights GitHub Skills SUPPORT &amp; SERVICES Documentation Customer support Community forum Trust center Partners Open Source COMMUNITY GitHub Sponsors Fund open source developers PROGRAMS Security Lab Maintainer Community Accelerator Archive Program REPOSITORIES Topics Trending Collections Enterprise ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS Enterprise platform AI-powered developer platform AVAILABLE ADD-ONS GitHub Advanced Security Enterprise-grade security features Copilot for Business Enterprise-grade AI features Premium Support Enterprise-grade 24/7 support Pricing Search or jump to... Search code, repositories, users, issues, pull requests... --> Search Clear Search syntax tips Provide feedback --> We read every piece of feedback, and take your input very seriously. Include my email address so I can be contacted Cancel Submit feedback Saved searches Use saved searches to filter your results more quickly --> Name Query To see all available qualifiers, see our documentation . Cancel Create saved search Sign in Sign up Appearance settings Resetting focus You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You switched accounts on another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. Dismiss alert {{ message }} mmistakes / minimal-mistakes Public Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Fork 27.4k Star 13.4k 📐 Jekyll theme for building a personal site, blog, project documentation, or portfolio. mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/ License MIT license 13.4k stars 27.4k forks Branches Tags Activity Star Notifications You must be signed in to change notification settings Code Issues 25 Pull requests 10 Discussions Actions Projects 0 Security 0 Insights Additional navigation options Code Issues Pull requests Discussions Actions Projects Security Insights mmistakes/minimal-mistakes master Branches Tags Go to file Code Open more actions menu Folders and files Name Name Last commit message Last commit date Latest commit History 2,880 Commits 2,880 Commits .github .github _data _data _includes _includes _layouts _layouts _sass _sass assets assets docs docs test test .editorconfig .editorconfig .gitattributes .gitattributes .gitignore .gitignore CHANGELOG.md CHANGELOG.md Gemfile Gemfile LICENSE LICENSE README.md README.md Rakefile Rakefile _config.yml _config.yml index.html index.html minimal-mistakes-jekyll.gemspec minimal-mistakes-jekyll.gemspec package-lock.json package-lock.json package.json package.json screenshot-layouts.png screenshot-layouts.png screenshot.png screenshot.png staticman.yml staticman.yml View all files Repository files navigation README Contributing MIT license Minimal Mistakes Jekyll theme Minimal Mistakes is a flexible two-column Jekyll theme, perfect for building personal sites, blogs, and portfolios. As the name implies, styling is purposely minimalistic to be enhanced and customized by you 😄. ✨ See what's new in the CHANGELOG . Note: The theme uses the jekyll-include-cache plugin which will need to be installed in your Gemfile and must be retained in the plugins array of _config.yml . Otherwise you'll encounter Unknown tag 'include_cached' errors at build. Notable features Bundled as a "theme gem" for easier installation/upgrading. Compatible with GitHub Pages. Support for Jekyll's built-in Sass/SCSS preprocessor. Nine different skins (color variations). Several responsive layout options (single, archive index, search, splash, and paginated home page). Optimized for search engines with support for Twitter Cards and Open Graph data. Optional header images , custom sidebars , table of contents , galleries , related posts, breadcrumb links , navigation lists , and more. Commenting support (powered by Disqus , Facebook , Google+, Discourse , static-based via Staticman , utterances , and giscus ). Google Analytics support. Swetrix GDPR-compliant analytics support. UI localized text in English (default), Arabic (عربي), Brazilian Portuguese (Português brasileiro), Bulgarian, Catalan, Chinese, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French (Français), German (Deutsch), Greek, Hebrew, Hindi (हिंदी), Hungarian, Indonesian, Irish (Gaeilge), Italian (Italiano), Japanese, Kiswahili, Korean, Malayalam, Myanmar (Burmese), Nepali (Nepalese), Norwegian (Norsk), Persian (فارسی), Polish, Punjabi (ਪੰਜਾਬੀ), Romanian, Russian, Slovak, Spanish (Español), Swedish, Thai, Turkish (Türkçe), Ukrainian (Українська) and Vietnamese. Skins (color variations) This theme comes in nine different skins (in addition to the default one). air contrast dark dirt mint sunrise aqua neon plum Demo pages Name Description Post with Header Image A post with a large header image. HTML Tags and Formatting Post A variety of common markup showing how the theme styles them. Syntax Highlighting Post Post displaying highlighted code. Post with a Gallery A post showing several images wrapped in &lt;figure&gt; elements. Sample Collection Page Single page from a collection. Categories Archive Posts grouped by category. Tags Archive Posts grouped by tag. Additional sample posts are available under posts archive on the demo site. Source files for these (and the entire demo site) can be found in /docs . Installation There are three ways to install: as a gem-based theme , as a remote theme (GitHub Pages compatible), or forking/directly copying all of the theme files into your project. Gem-based method With Gem-based themes, directories such as the assets , _layouts , _includes , and _sass are stored in the theme’s gem, hidden from your immediate view. Yet all of the necessary directories will be read and processed during Jekyll’s build process. This allows for easier installation and updating as you don't have to manage any of the theme files. To install: Add the following to your Gemfile : gem "minimal-mistakes-jekyll" Fetch and update bundled gems by running the following Bundler command: bundle Set the theme in your project's Jekyll _config.yml file: theme : minimal-mistakes-jekyll To update the theme run bundle update . Remote theme method Remote themes are similar to Gem-based themes, but do not require Gemfile changes or whitelisting making them ideal for sites hosted with GitHub Pages. To install: Create/replace the contents of your Gemfile with the following: source "https://rubygems.org" gem "github-pages" , group : :jekyll_plugins gem "jekyll-include-cache" , group : :jekyll_plugins Add jekyll-include-cache to the plugins array of your _config.yml . Fetch and update bundled gems by running the following Bundler command: bundle Add remote_theme: "mmistakes/minimal-mistakes@4.27.3" to your _config.yml file. Remove any other theme: or remote_theme: entry. Looking for an example? Use the Minimal Mistakes remote theme starter for the quickest method of getting a GitHub Pages hosted site up and running. Generate a new repository from the starter, replace sample content with your own, and configure as needed. Usage For detailed instructions on how to configure, customize, add/migrate content, and more read the theme's documentation . Contributing Found a typo in the documentation or interested in fixing a bug ? Then by all means submit an issue or pull request . If this is your first pull request, it may be helpful to read up on the GitHub Flow first. For help with using the theme or general Jekyll support questions, please use the Jekyll Talk forums . Pull Requests When submitting a pull request: Clone the repo. Create a branch off of master and give it a meaningful name (e.g. my-awesome-new-feature ). Open a pull request on GitHub and describe the feature or fix. Theme documentation and demo pages can be found in the /docs if submitting improvements, typo corrections, etc. Development To set up your environment to develop this theme, run bundle install . To test the theme, run bundle exec rake preview and open your browser at http://localhost:4000/test/ . This starts a Jekyll server using content in the test/ directory. As modifications are made to the theme and test site, it will regenerate and you should see the changes in the browser after a refresh. Credits Creator Michael Rose https://mademistakes.com https://twitter.com/mmistakes https://github.com/mmistakes Icons + Demo Images: The Noun Project - Garrett Knoll, Arthur Shlain, and tracy tam Font Awesome Unsplash Other: Jekyll jQuery Susy Breakpoint Magnific Popup FitVids.JS GreedyNav.js Smooth Scroll Gumshoe jQuery throttle / debounce Lunr Clipboard.js License The MIT License (MIT) Copyright (c) 2013-2024 Michael Rose and contributors Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Minimal Mistakes incorporates icons from The Noun Project creators Garrett Knoll, Arthur Shlain, and tracy tam. Icons are distributed under Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States (CC BY 3.0 US). Minimal Mistakes incorporates Font Awesome , Copyright (c) 2017 Dave Gandy. Font Awesome is distributed under the terms of the SIL OFL 1.1 and MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates photographs from Unsplash . Minimal Mistakes incorporates Susy , Copyright (c) 2017, Miriam Eric Suzanne. Susy is distributed under the terms of the BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates Breakpoint . Breakpoint is distributed under the terms of the MIT/GPL Licenses . Minimal Mistakes incorporates FitVids.js , Copyright (c) 2013 Dave Rubert and Chris Coyier. FitVids is distributed under the terms of the WTFPL License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates Magnific Popup , Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Dmitry Semenov, http://dimsemenov.com . Magnific Popup is distributed under the terms of the MIT License. Minimal Mistakes incorporates Smooth Scroll , Copyright (c) 2019 Chris Ferdinandi. Smooth Scroll is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates Gumshoejs , Copyright (c) 2019 Chris Ferdinandi. Gumshoejs is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates jQuery throttle / debounce , Copyright (c) 2010 "Cowboy" Ben Alman. jQuery throttle / debounce is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates GreedyNav.js , Copyright (c) 2015 Luke Jackson. GreedyNav.js is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates Jekyll Group-By-Array , Copyright (c) 2015 Max White mushishi78@gmail.com . Jekyll Group-By-Array is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates @allejo's Pure Liquid Jekyll Table of Contents , Copyright (c) 2017 Vladimir Jimenez. Pure Liquid Jekyll Table of Contents is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates Lunr , Copyright (c) 2018 Oliver Nightingale. Lunr is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . Minimal Mistakes incorporates clipboard.js , Copyright (c) 2021 Zeno Rocha. Clipboard.js is distributed under the terms of the MIT License . About 📐 Jekyll theme for building a personal site, blog, project documentation, or portfolio. mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes/ Topics jekyll theme ruby-gem jekyll-theme github-pages algolia lunr algolia-search Resources Readme License MIT license Contributing Contributing Uh oh! There was an error while loading. Please reload this page . Activity Stars 13.4k stars Watchers 116 watching Forks 27.4k forks Report repository Releases 123 4.27.3 Latest Jul 29, 2025 + 122 releases Packages 0 No packages published Uh oh! There was an error while loading. Please reload this page . Contributors 274 + 260 contributors Languages HTML 47.4% SCSS 45.8% JavaScript 3.6% Ruby 3.2% Footer &copy; 2026 GitHub,&nbsp;Inc. Footer navigation Terms Privacy Security Status Community Docs Contact Manage cookies Do not share my personal information You can’t perform that action at this time.