Speciation & Population Genomics: a how-to-guide You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. Speciation & Population Genomics: a how-to-guide Home About How to log in Toggle menu Toggle menu Learning Unix - Getting used to Unix - Going further with Unix - awk tutorial Handling NGS data - Understanding NGS data - Filtering reads - Mapping to a reference genome - Variant calling - Filtering and handling VCFs - Checking for PCR duplication problems, contamination, etc. Learning R - Introduction to R - Data manipulation and visualisation in R - More advanced R Population structure - Using PCA - Detecting structure with ADMIXTURE - Detecting hybridization with Dstats - Detecting hybridization with treemix Genome scans - Calculating LD decay - Computing per site Fst - Sliding window differentiation, variance and introgression - Statistical phasing with shapeit2 - Identifying selection with haplotype statistics - Identifying candidate genes Demographic inference - Estimating the site-frequency-spectrum - Demographic modeling with fastsimcoal2 Extra material - Comparative genomics with Orthofinder - Simulating data with SliM Welcome to the Physalia December 2021 course run by Mark Ravinet &amp; Joana Meier. Follow the links on the lefthand side to take part in the course modules. The presentations we gave during the course and the scripts and datasets can be downloaded from our Speciation genomics github page . You can either clone the repositories (see here how to do that) or just download them as a zip file. Individual text files can be downloaded by clicking on raw . The scripts directory contains a number of scripts we used throughout the course ( bash and R ), plus several others that might be of use. You can find a recommended reading list here . Disclaimer: The tutorials and resources on this site are written for the Physalia Speciation genomics course that we have been teaching since 2018. We are really glad to hear that the resources are of use to others that do not participate in the class and we are happy for you to use them. However we want to make it clear that we do not actively maintain the resources on the website. Futhermore, the scripts that are implemented are not intended for general use beyond the course. So please use these at your own risk - we are both very busy and do not have time to troubleshoot special use cases. Similarly, some of the large datasets are not available on github but they are publicly available via links in the original papers. If you wish to follow the tutorials, here we encourage you to do so but we cannot help with individual requests. Good luck! Follow: Feed &copy; 2025 Mark Ravinet & Joana Meier. Powered by Jekyll &amp; Minimal Mistakes .