Course teachers | Speciation &amp; Population Genomics: a how-to-guide You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. Speciation & Population Genomics: a how-to-guide Home About How to log in Toggle menu Home / Course teachers Toggle menu Learning Unix - Getting used to Unix - Going further with Unix - awk tutorial Handling NGS data - Understanding NGS data - Filtering reads - Mapping to a reference genome - Variant calling - Filtering and handling VCFs - Checking for PCR duplication problems, contamination, etc. Learning R - Introduction to R - Data manipulation and visualisation in R - More advanced R Population structure - Using PCA - Detecting structure with ADMIXTURE - Detecting hybridization with Dstats - Detecting hybridization with treemix Genome scans - Calculating LD decay - Computing per site Fst - Sliding window differentiation, variance and introgression - Statistical phasing with shapeit2 - Identifying selection with haplotype statistics - Identifying candidate genes Demographic inference - Estimating the site-frequency-spectrum - Demographic modeling with fastsimcoal2 Extra material - Comparative genomics with Orthofinder - Simulating data with SliM Course teachers Joana Meier Joana Meier is a group leader at the Wellcome Sanger Intstitute and Branco Weiss fellow at the University of Cambridge, UK. Her research focus is on speciation and evolutionary genomics. Why do some taxa rapidly generate new species, whereas others remain species-poor? She is particularly interested in the role of hybridisation (interbreeding) in rapid speciation and adaptation. Her study systems include Heliconius and ithomiini butterflies from South America, Australian peacock spiders and cichlid fishes from the East African Lake Victoria. You can learn more on her website or on her Google scholar profile . Mark Ravinet Mark Ravinet is a lecturer at University of Nottingham. His research focuses on population and speciation genomics, in particular using genomic data to identify regions of the genome involved in divergence and adaptation. He has worked on speciation in sticklebacks, Littorinia saxatilis marine snails and more recently on hybrid speciation and adaptation in Passer sparrows. You can see more on his website here or on his Google scholar profile . Follow: Feed &copy; 2025 Mark Ravinet & Joana Meier. Powered by Jekyll &amp; Minimal Mistakes .